{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23260\viewh14940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Speak in the voice of your favorite cartoon character until your next turn.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 Pretend like you are drunk for the rest of the game.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 For the rest of the game, speak like you are the President of America.\
Stick out your tongue and talk that way until your next turn.\
Do the chicken dance to no music until your next turn.\cb1 \
\cb3 Get a mouthful of water and gargle it until your next turn.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Make eye contact with a player and don\'92t break it until it\'92s your turn again.\
Repeat everything the person to your left says until your next turn.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 For the rest of the game you must say your name at the beginning and the end of every sentence you speak.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Get a magazine and go outside. Roll up the magazine, put it on your nose and act and sound like an elephant.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Describe to the group what your last bathroom experience was like.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 From now until the end of the game, every time you talk, speak like a robot.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 Text your siblings and tell them that you just found out you are adopted.\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Name the person in the room who you think is the worst dressed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Name the person in the room who you think is the best dressed.\
Call the nearest gas station\'a0and ask them if they sell hemorrhoid cream.\
Text your mom and tell her that you are expecting a baby.\
Take someone with you outside in the sight of the neighbors and stare into the sky until someone asks you what you are looking at, then tell them that you saw a UFO.\
Knock on the neighbour\'92s door and ask if you can park your helicopter in their driveway.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 Sit on your hands for the remainder of the game.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Kiss the person to your right on the cheek.\
Call someone and confess your new-found love for Justin Bieber.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Go outside to the trash bin and throw a tantrum because someone put trash in it.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 Stand up and do your best impersonation of your mom.\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Get down on one knee and propose to the person on your left.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 From now until your next turn, every time someone talks, interrupt by saying, \'93that\'92s a lie.\'94\
Imagine the person to your left is your pet, talk to them as though you just got home.\
Go outside, and while skipping down the street, sing \'93Let it Go\'92 from Frozen.\cb1 \
\cb3 Stand up and do your best impersonation of the person on your right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Dance aggressively until you run out of breath.\
Take a selfie with the person next to you, and post it on social media along with a deep and emotional paragraph about what they mean to you.\
Let the group choose an item for you to brush your teeth with.\
Allow the person to your right to tickle you.\
Whoever\'92s name begins with an A in the group must call your parents and tell them what a bad friend you are to them.\
Do your best impression of someone in the room and keep going until someone correctly guesses who it is.\
You notice that the person sitting on your right has something on their face, spit on your finger and wipe it off for them.\
Awkwardly smell someone else\'92s hair until they notice.}